STATS.md, before:

# LeetCode Progress

- Total Solved:       16
- Total Attempted:        1
- Total Not Solved:        7

### 🟦 Status

| Problem Name | Status | Last Updated |
|--------------|--------|--------------|
| 118. Pascal's Triangle |  | 118._Pascal's_Triangle |
| 168. Excel Sheet Column Title | ✅ Solved | 168._Excel_Sheet_Column_Title |
| 1930. Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences | ✅ Solved | 1930._Unique_Length-3_Palindromic_Subsequences |
| Next Permutation |  | 2025-11-13 |
| Maximum Number of Operations to Move Ones to the End |  | 2025-11-13 |
| Increment Submatrices by One | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-14 |
| Count the Number of Substrings With Dominant Ones |  | 2025-11-15 |
| Number of Substrings With Only 1s | ❌ Not Solved | 2025-11-16 |
| Check If All 1's Are at Least Length K Places Away | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-17 |
| 1-bit and 2-bit Characters | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-18 |
| Keep Multiplying Found Values by Two | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-19 |
| Set Intersection Size At Least Two | ❌ Not Solved | 2025-11-20 |
| Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-21 |
| Find Minimum Operations to Make All Elements Divisible by Three | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-22 |
| Greatest Sum Divisible by Three | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-23 |
| Binary Prefix Divisible By 5 | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-24 |
| 2257. Count Unguarded Cells in the Grid | ❌ Not Solved | 2257._Count_Unguarded_Cells_in_the_Grid |
| 258. Add Digits | ✅ Solved | 258._Add_Digits |
| 338. Counting Bits | ✅ Solved | 338._Counting_Bits |
| 409. Longest Palindrome | ❌ Not Solved | 409._Longest_Palindrome |
| 56. Merge Intervals | ❌ Not Solved | 56._Merge_Intervals |
| Minimum Number of Operations to Make All Array Elements Equal to 1 | ⚠️ Attempted | Minimum_Number_of_Operations_to_Make_All_Array_Elements_Equal_to_1 |
| String to Integer (atoi) |  | String_to_Integer_(atoi) |
| Valid Palindrome | ✅ Solved | Valid_Palindrome |

## 118._Pascal's_Triangle
- 118. Pascal's Triangle ()

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 168._Excel_Sheet_Column_Title
- 168. Excel Sheet Column Title (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 1930._Unique_Length-3_Palindromic_Subsequences
- 1930. Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-13
- Next Permutation ()
- Maximum Number of Operations to Move Ones to the End ()

- Solved: 2
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-14
- Increment Submatrices by One (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-15
- Count the Number of Substrings With Dominant Ones ()

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 2025-11-16
- Number of Substrings With Only 1s (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 2025-11-17
- Check If All 1's Are at Least Length K Places Away (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-18
- 1-bit and 2-bit Characters (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-19
- Keep Multiplying Found Values by Two (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-20
- Set Intersection Size At Least Two (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 2025-11-21
- Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-22
- Find Minimum Operations to Make All Elements Divisible by Three (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-23
- Greatest Sum Divisible by Three (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-24
- Binary Prefix Divisible By 5 (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2257._Count_Unguarded_Cells_in_the_Grid
- 2257. Count Unguarded Cells in the Grid (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 258._Add_Digits
- 258. Add Digits (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 338._Counting_Bits
- 338. Counting Bits (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 409._Longest_Palindrome
- 409. Longest Palindrome (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 56._Merge_Intervals
- 56. Merge Intervals (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## Minimum_Number_of_Operations_to_Make_All_Array_Elements_Equal_to_1
- Minimum Number of Operations to Make All Array Elements Equal to 1 (⚠️ Attempted)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 1
- Not Solved: 0
0

## String_to_Integer_(atoi)
- String to Integer (atoi) ()

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## Valid_Palindrome
- Valid Palindrome (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

Commit message:

[Daily] Smallest Integer Divisible by K

STATS.md, after:

# LeetCode Progress

- Total Solved:       17
- Total Attempted:        1
- Total Not Solved:        7

### 🟦 Status

| Problem Name | Status | Last Updated |
|--------------|--------|--------------|
| 118. Pascal's Triangle |  | 118._Pascal's_Triangle |
| 168. Excel Sheet Column Title | ✅ Solved | 168._Excel_Sheet_Column_Title |
| 1930. Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences | ✅ Solved | 1930._Unique_Length-3_Palindromic_Subsequences |
| Next Permutation |  | 2025-11-13 |
| Maximum Number of Operations to Move Ones to the End |  | 2025-11-13 |
| Increment Submatrices by One | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-14 |
| Count the Number of Substrings With Dominant Ones |  | 2025-11-15 |
| Number of Substrings With Only 1s | ❌ Not Solved | 2025-11-16 |
| Check If All 1's Are at Least Length K Places Away | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-17 |
| 1-bit and 2-bit Characters | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-18 |
| Keep Multiplying Found Values by Two | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-19 |
| Set Intersection Size At Least Two | ❌ Not Solved | 2025-11-20 |
| Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-21 |
| Find Minimum Operations to Make All Elements Divisible by Three | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-22 |
| Greatest Sum Divisible by Three | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-23 |
| Binary Prefix Divisible By 5 | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-24 |
| Smallest Integer Divisible by K | ✅ Solved | 2025-11-25 |
| 2257. Count Unguarded Cells in the Grid | ❌ Not Solved | 2257._Count_Unguarded_Cells_in_the_Grid |
| 258. Add Digits | ✅ Solved | 258._Add_Digits |
| 338. Counting Bits | ✅ Solved | 338._Counting_Bits |
| 409. Longest Palindrome | ❌ Not Solved | 409._Longest_Palindrome |
| 56. Merge Intervals | ❌ Not Solved | 56._Merge_Intervals |
| Minimum Number of Operations to Make All Array Elements Equal to 1 | ⚠️ Attempted | Minimum_Number_of_Operations_to_Make_All_Array_Elements_Equal_to_1 |
| String to Integer (atoi) |  | String_to_Integer_(atoi) |
| Valid Palindrome | ✅ Solved | Valid_Palindrome |

## 118._Pascal's_Triangle
- 118. Pascal's Triangle ()

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 168._Excel_Sheet_Column_Title
- 168. Excel Sheet Column Title (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 1930._Unique_Length-3_Palindromic_Subsequences
- 1930. Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-13
- Next Permutation ()
- Maximum Number of Operations to Move Ones to the End ()

- Solved: 2
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-14
- Increment Submatrices by One (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-15
- Count the Number of Substrings With Dominant Ones ()

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 2025-11-16
- Number of Substrings With Only 1s (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 2025-11-17
- Check If All 1's Are at Least Length K Places Away (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-18
- 1-bit and 2-bit Characters (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-19
- Keep Multiplying Found Values by Two (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-20
- Set Intersection Size At Least Two (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 2025-11-21
- Unique Length-3 Palindromic Subsequences (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-22
- Find Minimum Operations to Make All Elements Divisible by Three (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-23
- Greatest Sum Divisible by Three (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-24
- Binary Prefix Divisible By 5 (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2025-11-25
- Smallest Integer Divisible by K (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 2257._Count_Unguarded_Cells_in_the_Grid
- 2257. Count Unguarded Cells in the Grid (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 258._Add_Digits
- 258. Add Digits (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 338._Counting_Bits
- 338. Counting Bits (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## 409._Longest_Palindrome
- 409. Longest Palindrome (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## 56._Merge_Intervals
- 56. Merge Intervals (❌ Not Solved)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 1

## Minimum_Number_of_Operations_to_Make_All_Array_Elements_Equal_to_1
- Minimum Number of Operations to Make All Array Elements Equal to 1 (⚠️ Attempted)

- Solved: 0
0
- Attempted: 1
- Not Solved: 0
0

## String_to_Integer_(atoi)
- String to Integer (atoi) ()

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0

## Valid_Palindrome
- Valid Palindrome (✅ Solved)

- Solved: 1
- Attempted: 0
0
- Not Solved: 0
0
